[music playing]
[bell tolls]
-[warriors shouting]
-[swords clanking]
[Trevor]
The staircase is a wreck.
We're not getting up there
without ropes.
Start looking.
Damn.
This is gonna be hard.
[ice crackling]
We don't need ropes.
Here we go.
Well, I didn't want to leave it
in there to melt
and ruin all your beautiful books.
It seems damp enough
out here as it is.
Oh! But look!
You did it, Sypha.
Yes, but...
seeing it
is something else entirely.
I'm pretty good, right?
You're the best.
Alucard.
Are you ready for this?
No.
But let's put an end
to this anyway.
-[warriors grunting]
-[swords clanking]
Yah!
[metal rattling]
[sighs]
I terrify them, Sypha disorients them,
Alucard goes over the top
and we support him.
Yes.
Begin.
[screams]
[grunting]
[man cries out]
[growling]
[warrior cries out]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Sypha roars]
[roars]
[rattling]
[grunts]
[screams]
[roars]
[grunts]
[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[chain rattling]
[groans]
Ahh!
[screams]
[chain rattling]
[distant growling]
Gahh!
-[roaring]
-[grunting]
[grunting]
[groans]
[coughs and exhales]
Your son is here.
[Dracula]
Alucard has entered the castle?
And a woman who stinks of magic.
And a hunter.
To your study.
Behind me, Dracula.
They will not reach you
while I live.
You would give your mortal life
to preserve my immortal one?
To save your genius, your knowledge,
and your will?
Without question.
I am just a forge master.
Yours is the wisdom of ages.
You are the greatest
of your people, Isaac.
You have a soul, I think.
Perhaps that is more valuable
to the world to come
than a dusty collection
of books and apparatus.
Or perhaps you simply deserve
a better fate than to die instead of me.
I choose my death
as I chose my life.
Then I regret only that I have
taken a choice for you.
[grunts]
No! Dracula!
No!
Father.
Son.
[Alucard]
Your war is over.
Because you say so?
It ends...
in the name of my mother.
[Dracula]
It endures in the name of your mother.
I told you before,
I won't let you do it.
I grieve with you...
but I won't let you commit genocide.
You couldn't stop me before.
I was alone before.
[chain rattles]
[grunts]
[growling]
[groans]
Speaker magician!
[both grunting]
[groans]
Sypha!
You must be the Belmont.
[grunts]
[groans]
The end of your line.
[Sypha grunting]
[Dracula whimpers]
[cries out]
[Dracula groans]
[fierce cry]
[exclaims]
[Dracula panting]
[Trevor groans]
-[whooshing]
-[impact grunt]
[powerful cry]
[pained grunt]
[grunting]
[straining]
[Dracula] The Morningstar Whip.
Well played, Belmont.
But I am no ordinary vampire
to be killed by your human magics.
I am Vlad Dracula Tepes,
and I have had enough!
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[Sypha grunts]
[gasping]
[grunting]
Spare.
[both roaring]
Wha--?
[laughing]
You mean to stake me?
[Alucard] You want me to.
[Dracula] What?
[Alucard] You didn't kill me before.
You're not going to kill me now.
You want this to end
as much as I do.
[Dracula]
Do I?
You died when my mother died.
You know you did.
This entire catastrophe has been nothing
but history's longest suicide note.
[grunts]
Not quite close enough.
[stake clatters]
[Sypha] Next floor up!
I hear them!
[shouts]
[panting]
[sharp grunt]
[powerful cries]
[grunt]
[roars]
[panting]
[coughs]
[growling]
[roars]
[growls]
[stutters]
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[panting]
It's your home.
My boy.
I'm-- I...
I'm killing my boy.
Lisa.
I'm killing our boy.
We painted this room. We...
made these toys.
It's our boy, Lisa.
[panting]
Your greatest gift to me...
and I'm killing him.
I must already be dead.
-[stabbing]
-[gurgles]
[gasps]
-Son.
-Father.
[pushes stake]
[Dracula gasps]
[heartbeat echoing]
[gurgles]
[exhales]
[wheezing]
-[grunts]
-[head thuds]
Alucard. Step back.
Let me finish this.
[otherworldly shriek]
Is-- Is that it?
Alucard?
Did we... do it?
We did.
I...
killed my father.
You ended a war on humankind.
Don't get weepy about it.
Trevor's right.
You've saved countless lives.
But it's all right
to mourn the man, too.
[Alucard sighs]
He died a long time ago.